[Autogenerated] well done.
You've made it through the final module in this portal site courts.
Let's just have a quick wrap up so we can review what
we learned throughout this module.
Now we looked at what cloudfront is in its multiple use cases,
where we can put it into place and building off.
Of that,
we started to look at the security and logging that's based within
cloudfront and then focusing on the security aspect.
We looked at putting restrictive access into place using cloudfront,
and in addition,
we looked at generating signed You are Wells and how they're used now.
After Cloudfront, we began to look at root for the three concepts,
and within Route 53 we looked at health checks and the
different fail overs that are provided to us.
And then we looked at routing policies specific to traffic.
So we looked at Leyton Sea based Geo based the different
policies that are available to us within Route 53.
I mean, that's it.
So that's the bulk of what we learned throughout this module.
Now in the next clip will have a quick course wrap up in review, and then we'll talk about some of the next steps that you may want to take